As we entered the gates to HorrorLand, we had no idea that, in just a few hours, we would all be lying in our coffins.

I’m the calm one in the Morris family. Everyone says, “Lizzy, you’re the calm one.” And I’m trying to tell this story calmly.

But believe me—there’s no way!

We had never planned to go to HorrorLand. In fact, we’d never heard of it.

The five of us were squeezed into Dad’s little Toyota, on our way to spend the day at Zoo Gardens Theme Park. Dad had messed up and left the map at home. But Mom said the park would be real easy to find.
When we got close to the park, Mom said, there would be lots of signs to direct us. But so far we hadn’t seen a single sign.

Dad was driving, and Mom was beside him in the front. I was squeezed in back with my little brother, Luke, who is ten, and Luke’s friend Clay.

It wasn’t the best place to be. My brother cannot sit still for a second. Especially in the car. He just has too much energy. And he’s totally goofy.

The longer we drove, the more restless Luke became. He tried wrestling with Clay, but there really wasn’t room. Then he tried arm wrestling with him, and the two of them kept bumping me until I lost my temper and started shouting at them to stop.

“Why don’t you three play Alphabet?” Mom suggested from the front. “Look out the window for letters.”

“There aren’t any,” Luke replied. “There aren’t any signs.”

“There isn’t anything to look at,” Clay grumbled.

He was right. We were driving past flat, sandy fields. There were a few scraggly trees here and there. The rest was all desert.

“I’m going to take this turnoff,” Dad announced. He took off his Chicago Cubs cap and scratched his thinning blond hair. “Haven’t I already taken this turnoff?”

Dad is the only blond in the family. Mom, Luke, and I all have straight black hair and blue eyes.

In fact, Dad doesn’t look as if he belongs in the same family. The three of us are tall and thin, with very fair skin. And Dad is short and kind of chubby, with a round face that’s almost always pink. I tease him all the time because I think he looks a lot more like a wrestler than a bank manager, which he is.

“I’m pretty sure we’ve already been here,” Dad said unhappily.

“It’s hard to tell. It’s all desert,” Mom replied, gazing out her window.

“Very helpful,” Dad muttered.

“How can I be helpful?” Mom shot back. “You’re the one who left the map on the kitchen table.”

“I thought you packed it,” Dad grumbled.

“Why should it be my job to pack the map?” Mom cried.

“Break it up, you two,” I interrupted. Once they start fighting, they never stop. It’s always best to interrupt them quickly before they really get into it.

“I’m the Mad Pincher!” Luke cried. He let out a gruesome, horror-movie laugh and started pinching Clay’s ribs and arms.

I hate Luke’s Mad Pincher routine more than anything. I was so glad that Clay was sitting in the middle next to Luke and not me. Usually, the only way to stop Luke’s pinching is to slug him.

Clay started squirming and laughing. He thinks everything Luke does is a riot. He laughs at all of my brother’s stupid jokes and stunts. I think that’s why Luke likes Clay so much.

The two of them began pinching each other.

Then Luke shoved Clay into me. “Give me a break!” I cried.

I shoved Clay back. I know I shouldn’t have. But it was getting hot in the car, and we’d been driving for hours, and what was I supposed to do?

“Lizzy! Boys! Chill out back there!” Dad cried.

“Dad, nobody says ‘chill out’ anymore,” I told him calmly and quietly.

For some reason, that made him go berserk. He started yelling, and his face got bright red.

I knew he wasn’t mad at me. He was mad because he couldn’t find Zoo Gardens Theme Park.

“Everybody just take a deep breath and be silent,” Mom suggested.

“Ow! Stop pinching me!” Clay screamed. He gave Luke a hard shove.

“You stop pinching me!” my brother shrieked, shoving him back.

Boys can really be animals.

“Hey, look—a sign up ahead!” Mom pointed as a large green sign came into view.

Luke and Clay stopped fighting. Dad leaned forward over the steering wheel, squinting through the windshield.

“Does it say where the park is?” Luke demanded.

“Does it say where we are?” Clay asked.

The words on the sign came into view as we drove past it. It read: SIGN FOR RENT.

We all let out disappointed groans.

“The Mad Pincher returns!” Luke cried. He gave Clay a hard pinch on the arm. Luke never knows when to quit.

“This road isn’t going anywhere,” Dad said, scowling. “I’ll have to turn around and get back on the highway. If I can find it.”

“I think you should ask someone for directions,” Mom suggested.

“Ask someone? Ask someone?” Dad exploded. “Do you see anyone I can ask?” His face was bright red again. He drove with one hand so he could use the other to shake a fist.

“I meant if you see a gas station,” Mom murmured.

“A gas station?” Dad screamed. “I don’t even see a tree!”

Dad was right. I stared out the window and saw nothing but white sand on both sides of the road. The sun beamed down on it, making it gleam. The sand was so bright, it nearly looked like snow.

“I meant to go north,” Dad muttered. “The desert is south. We must have gone south.”

“You’d better turn around,” Mom urged.

“Are we lost?” Clay asked. I could hear some fear in his voice.

Clay isn’t the bravest kid in the world. In fact, he is pretty easy to scare. Once I crept up behind him in our backyard at night and whispered his name—and he almost jumped right out of his shoes!

“Dad, are we lost?” Luke repeated the question.

“Yeah, we’re lost,” Dad replied quietly. “Hopelessly lost.”

Clay let out a soft cry and slumped in the seat. He looked a little like a balloon deflating.

“Don’t tell him that!” Mom cried sharply.

“What should I tell him?” Dad snapped back. “We’re nowhere near Zoo Gardens. We’re nowhere near civilization! We’re in the desert, going nowhere!”

“Just turn around. I’m sure we’ll find someone we can ask,” Mom said softly. “And stop being so dramatic.”

“We’re all going to die in the desert,” Luke said, with a gruesome grin on his face. “And buzzards will peck out our eyeballs and eat our flesh.”

My brother has a great sense of humor, doesn’t he?

You can’t imagine what it’s like having to live with a total ghoul!

“Luke, stop scaring Clay,” Mom said, turning in her seat to glare at Luke.

“I’m not scared,” Clay insisted. But he looked scared. His round face was kind of pale. And his eyes were blinking a lot behind his glasses. With his short, feathery blond hair and round eyeglasses, Clay looked a lot like a frightened owl.

Muttering to himself, Dad slowed the car to a stop. Then he turned it around, and we headed back in the direction we had come. “Great vacation,” he said through clenched teeth.

“It’s still early,” Mom told him, checking her watch.

The late morning sun was nearly straight overhead. I could feel its warmth on my face through the open sunroof.

We
drove for nearly half an hour. Luke wanted to play Twenty Questions or Geography with Clay. But Clay moodily said no. He just stared out the window, watching the desert roll by. Every few minutes, he’d ask, “Are we still lost?”

“Pretty lost,” my dad would reply unhappily.

“We’re okay,” Mom kept reassuring us.

As we drove, the scraggly trees reappeared. Then, after a while, the sand gave way to darker fields, dotted with trees and low shrubs.

I sat silently, my hands clasped in my lap, staring out the window. I wasn’t really scared or worried. But I wished we would at least see a gas station or a store or one other human being!

“I’m getting hungry,” Luke griped. “Is it lunchtime?”

With a long sigh that sounded like air escaping from a tire, Dad pulled the car to the side of the road. He reached across Mom to the glove compartment. “There’s got to be some kind of map in there,” he said.

“No. I already looked,” Mom told him.

As they started to argue, I raised my eyes to the open sunroof above my head.

“Oh!” I let out a cry as I saw a hideous monster staring down at me, lowering its enormous head, about to crush the car.

2

I opened my mouth to scream, but no sound came out.

The monster glared down at me through the sunroof. It was as tall as a building, I realized. Its red eyes glowed with evil, and its mouth was twisted in a hungry grin.

“D-Dad!” I finally managed to stammer. Dad was bent over, fumbling through the papers in the glove compartment.

“Wow!” I heard Luke cry.

I turned and saw that Luke was staring up at it, too, his blue eyes wide with fright.

“Dad? Mom?” My heart was pounding so hard, I thought my chest might explode.

“Lizzy, what is it?” Mom asked impatiently.

The monster lowered its head over us. Its mouth opened wide, ready to swallow the whole car.

And then Luke started to laugh. “Wow! Cool!” he cried.

And I realized at the same time that the monster wasn’t alive. It was a mechanical figure, part of a giant billboard display.

Ducking my head to get a better view through the side window, I saw that Dad had pulled the car up right beside the billboard. My parents were so busy arguing about maps, they hadn’t even noticed it!

I stared up at the red-eyed monster. It lowered its head and opened its jaws. Then the jaws snapped shut, and the enormous head slid back up.

“It looks so real!” Clay exclaimed, staring up at it.

“Didn’t fool me,” I lied. I wasn’t going to admit that I nearly leaped out through the sunroof. I’m supposed to be the calm one, after all.

I rolled down the window and stuck my head out to read the billboard in front of the mechanical monster. In huge red letters it said: WELCOME TO HORRORLAND, WHERE NIGHTMARES COME TO LIFE!

There was a dark red arrow in the upper left-hand corner with the words: ONE MILE.

“Can we go there?” Luke demanded eagerly. He leaned forward and grabbed the back of Dad’s seat with both hands. “Can we, Dad? How about it?”

“It looks kind of scary,” Clay said softly.

Dad slammed the glove compartment shut with a sigh. He was giving up on the map idea. “Luke, stop pulling my seat,” he snapped. “Sit back.”

“Can we go to HorrorLand?” Luke asked.

“HorrorLand? What’s HorrorLand?” Mom demanded.

“Never heard of it,” Dad muttered.

“It’s only a mile from here,” Luke pleaded. “It looks great!”

The monster lowered its head over the car, staring in through the sunroof. Then it raised its head again.

“I don’t think so,” Mom said, looking out at the huge billboard. “Zoo Gardens is such a wonderful park. HorrorLand doesn’t look very nice.”

“It looks great!” Luke insisted, pulling at Dad’s seat back again. “It looks really excellent!”

“Luke, sit back,” Dad pleaded.

“Let’s go,” I urged. “We’re never going to find Zoo Gardens.”

Mom hesitated, chewing her lower lip. “I don’t know,” she said fretfully. “Some of these places aren’t safe.”

“It’ll be safe!” Luke declared. “It’ll be very safe!”

“Luke—sit back!” Dad growled.

“Can we go?” Luke demanded, ignoring Dad’s request. “Can we?”

“It could be fun,” Clay said quietly.

“Let’s give it a try,” I urged them. “If we hate it, we can always leave.”

Dad rubbed his chin. He sighed. “Well, I guess it would be better than sitting here in the middle of nowhere arguing all day.”

“YAAAAAY!” Luke screamed.

Luke and I reached over Clay to slap each other a high five. HorrorLand sounded like a pretty cool place to me, too. I love scary rides.

“If the rides are as scary as that monster,” I said, pointing at the billboard, “this park will be awesome!”

“You don’t think it’s too scary—do you?” Clay asked. I saw that he had his hands clasped tightly in his lap. And he had that frightened owl look on his face again.

“No, it won’t be too scary,” I told him.

Oh, wow—was I wrong!

“I can’t believe someone would build a big theme park out in the wilderness,” Dad declared.

We were driving through what seemed like an endless forest. Tall old trees leaned over the two-lane road, nearly blocking out the late morning sun.

“Maybe they haven’t built the park yet,” Mom suggested. “Maybe they’re going to clear out these trees and build the park here.”

All three of us in the backseat were hoping Mom was wrong. And she was.

The road curved sharply. And as we came out of the curve, we saw the tall gates to the park straight up ahead.

Behind a tall purple fence, HorrorLand seemed to stretch for miles. Leaning forward in my seat, I could see the tops of rides and strange, colorful buildings. As we drove across the enormous parking lot, eerie chords of organ music invaded the car.

“YAAAAAY! This looks great!” Luke exclaimed.

Clay and I enthusiastically agreed. I couldn’t wait to get out of the car and see everything.

“The parking lot is nearly empty,” Dad said, glancing uneasily at Mom.

“That means we won’t have to wait in long lines!” I quickly exclaimed.

“I think Lizzy is excited about this place,” Mom commented, smiling.

“Me, too!” Luke cried. He punched Clay enthusiastically on the shoulder. Luke always has to be punching or pinching somebody.

We crossed the wide parking lot. I saw a few cars parked near the front gate. At the far side of the lot stood a row of purple-and-green buses with the word HORRORLAND across the side.

As we rode closer, I got a good look at the front gate. The same monster we had seen behind the billboard rose up behind a big purple-and-green sign over the gate. The sign read: THE HORRORLAND HORRORS WELCOME YOU TO HORRORLAND!

“I don’t get that sign,” Mom said. “What are the HorrorLand Horrors?”

“We’ll find out!” I exclaimed happily.

The solemn, eerie organ music floated heavily over the parking lot. Dad pulled into a space in an empty aisle to the right of the front gate.

Luke and I pushed open the back doors before the car had even stopped. “Let’s go!” I cried.

Luke, Clay, and I started trotting toward the gate. As I ran, I stared up at the green monster over the sign. This one didn’t move its head like the billboard monster. But it looked very real.

I glanced back and saw that Mom and Dad were hurrying to catch up with us. “This is going to be way cool!” I exclaimed.

And then I gasped as a deafening explosion made the ground shake.

And I stared back in horror as our car burst apart, exploding into a million pieces.

3

It took me a long while to stop scr
eaming. Finally, I swallowed hard, choking back my cries.

We all stared in shock. Small chunks of twisted metal and a few burning cinders were all that was left of our car.

“How—?” was all Dad managed to say.

“I—I d-don’t believe it!” I stammered.

“Thank goodness we were all out of the car!” Mom cried. She gathered us up in a big hug. “Thank goodness we’re all okay.”

Luke and Clay still hadn’t uttered a sound. They stood wide-eyed, staring at the spot where the car had stood.

“My car!” Dad choked out in a horrified whisper. “My car… How? How?”

“We’re safe,” Mom murmured. “We’re all safe. What a terrifying explosion. I can’t get the sound of it out of my ears.”

“I—I’ve got to call the police!” Dad sputtered.

He began trotting to the gate, shaking his head, muttering to himself.

“How could the car just blow up like that, dear?” Mom asked, hurrying after him. “What would make it do that?”

“How should I know?” Dad snapped angrily. “I—I don’t get it! I really don’t! And now what are we going to do?” He sounded really panicked.

I didn’t blame him. The explosion was really scary.

And when I realized that we could have all been inside the car when it went off, I had cold chills down my back.

“Maybe there’s a car rental place we can call,” Mom suggested.

Mom is like me, calm in any emergency.

We followed Dad as he went running up to the ticket booth at the entrance. A green monster stood in the booth. He had bulging yellow eyes and dark horns curled over his head. It was a really great costume.

“Welcome to HorrorLand,” he said in a gruff, low voice. A loud stab of organ music rose up from inside the ticket booth. “I am a HorrorLand Horror. All of the Horrors and I hope you have a scary day.”

“My car!” Dad cried frantically “There was an explosion. I need a phone!”

“I’m sorry, sir. No phones,” the guy in the monster costume replied.

“Huh?” Dad’s face was bright red again. His forehead was drenched with sweat. “But I need a phone! Right away!” Dad insisted, glaring angrily at the green monster. “My car exploded! We’re stuck here!”

 I settled back on the coffin bottom, my hands resting at my sides, and stared up dreamily at the bird circling high in the clear sky. The coffin bobbed gently, making soft splashing sounds.

So pleasant…

So quiet…

And then, before I could utter a sound, the coffin lid slammed shut over me. And I was trapped in total darkness.

19

“Hey!” I shouted. My voice was muffled by the heavy lid over me.

I could hear the dull thud of the other coffin lids slamming shut.

“Hey—let me out!”

I pushed against the lid with both hands. But it wouldn’t budge.

I took a deep breath and tried again. This time, I pushed with my hands and my feet. The heavy lid still didn’t move.

My heart was pounding so hard, I thought my chest would explode. The air inside the closed coffin was already getting hot and stuffy.

“Open up! Open up!” I screamed.

I tried pushing the lid again. I could hear Clay’s muffled cries in the coffin next to mine. The poor guy was screaming his head off.

I let out a loud groan as I pushed up with all my strength. The lid wouldn’t give an inch.

Calm down, Lizzy. Calm down, I instructed myself. It’s just a stupid ride. The coffin lid will open any second.

Breathing hard, I waited.

I counted to ten.

I counted to ten again.

The lid didn’t snap open.

I tried shutting my eyes and counting to fifty. When I reach fifty, I told myself, I’ll open my eyes, and the lid will be open.

“…twenty-two, twenty-three, twenty-four…” I counted out loud. My voice sounded tiny and choked. It was getting hard to breathe. The air began to feel really stale.

I stopped counting at twenty-five and opened my eyes. The lid hadn’t popped open.

It’s so hot in here, I thought. The sun is beating down on the lid. There’s no air, and I’m going to fry!

I tried to scream, but no sound came out.

 Single and Now It Becomes Clear Why
popcornews.com
I gasped for air.

Outside, I could hear muffled shouts and cries.

Was that my mother screaming like that?

“It’s just a ride,” I said out loud. “Just a stupid ride. The lid is going to pop—now!”

But it didn’t.

The air was so hot, so hot and stale.

Why didn’t the lid open?

Why?

I tried to force back my panic, but I couldn’t. My entire body was shaking and shivering. I felt cold perspiration drip down my forehead.

“Something has gone wrong!” I cried out loud. “The lid is supposed to open—but it doesn’t!”

Frantically, I pushed up with both hands. My arms ached from pushing so hard. But the lid didn’t move.

The coffin bobbed and rocked in the water.

I lowered my hands in defeat. I sucked in a mouthful of the hot, stale air. My chest was heaving. My body trembled.


And then I felt my legs start to itch. A tingly feeling down near my ankles.

Moving up my legs.

An itchy, crawly feeling.

Something was crawling slowly up my legs.

Something small and prickly.

“Ohh.” I let out a low, terrified groan.

Spiders!

20

I tried to scratch my legs, but my arms weren’t long enough. Unable to move or bend in the cramped coffin, I couldn’t reach down to them.

The tingling moved higher.

I wanted to scream, but I started to cough.

And then the coffin lid popped open. Bright sunlight made me shut my eyes.

“Oh!” I pulled myself up to a sitting position. Blinking against the light, I saw the others already scrambling up out of their coffins.

I scratched my legs furiously. To my surprise, there were no spiders. No bugs of any kind.

The coffin had pulled up to a small dock. I braced both hands against the sides of the coffin and heaved myself to my feet.

“Let’s get out of here!” I heard Clay cry.

“That was horrible!” my mom shrieked.

Luke didn’t say anything. His face was pale, and his black hair was matted to his forehead with sweat.

“They really went too far!” Dad said angrily. “I’m going to complain.”

“Let’s just go!” Mom told him.

We all scrambled onto the dock. I helped pull Clay up. Then I took several deep breaths of fresh air.

Dad ran off the dock toward the open plaza, and the rest of us hurried after him. “To the ticket booth!” he called back to us. “Right up there!” He pointed.

The coffin ride had taken us to the front of the park. I could see the front gate and the row of green ticket booths to the right.

“That ride was really gross!” Clay said, shaking his head.

“My legs got all itchy. I thought it was ants!” Luke declared.

“I thought it was spiders!” I told him.

“I wonder how they did that,” Luke said thoughtfully.

“I don’t care,” I replied. “I just want to get out of here. I hate this place!”

“So do I,” Clay agreed.

“They just go too far,” Mom said breathlessly, jogging to keep up with us as we followed Dad. “It isn’t any fun when a ride is that scary. I really had trouble breathing.”

“So did I,” I told her.

“Hey, how do we get home?” Luke suddenly demanded, staring at Mom. “Our car blew up.”

“I think those people in the monster costumes will lend us a car,” Mom replied. “They told your father just to come to the ticket booth.”

“Can we stop and get pizza?” Luke asked.

“Let’s get out of this place and then worry about lunch,” Mom told him.

The main plaza was totally empty. Not another living person.

We followed Dad to the first ticket booth. He turned back to us, making a disappointed face. “Closed,” he said. A metal grate had been pulled over the window.

Dad was breathing hard from running all the way. He pushed his blond hair off his sweaty forehead with both hands. “Over here,” he said.

We followed him to the next ticket booth. Also closed.

Then the next. Closed.

It didn’t take us long to discover that all of the ticket booths were closed.

“Weird,” Luke said, shaking his head.

“Don’t they expect any more visitors today?” Mom asked Dad. “How can they just close up like that?”

Dad shrugged. “We’ll have to ask someone.” His eyes searched the empty grounds.

I turned and checked out the plaza along with him. Still no one in sight. No visitors. No Horrors.

“Let’s try over there,” Dad said. He started walking to a low green building that stood beyond the ticket booths. It looked like some kind of office.

It was closed, too. Dad tried the door. It was locked.

Dad scratched his head. “What’s going on here? Where’d everyone disappear to?” he demanded.

Mom took his arm. “It’s very strange,” she said softly.

I glanced at Luke and Clay. They were standing tensely side by side on the walk in front of the office. Neither of them spoke.

“Are you sure these are the right ticket booths?” I asked.

“Yes,” Dad replied wearily. “This is the front entrance.”

“So where can everyone be?” Mom asked, chewing her lower lip.

“Maybe we can find someone in the parking lot,” I suggested. “You know. A parking attendant or something. They’ll be able to tell us how to get a car to go home.”

“Good idea, Lizzy,” Dad said. He patted the top of my head, the way he used to when I was a little girl.

I waited for Luke to make fun of me. But he didn’t say a word. I guess he was too worried and upset.

“Come on,” I urged. I turned and ran past the empty ticket booths. The tall metal front gate to HorrorLand st
ood just beyond the booths.

I stopped for a second to read a sign on the side of one of the ticket booths. It said: NO EXIT, NO ONE LEAVES HORRORLAND ALIVE!

“Ha-ha,” I said sarcastically. “These signs are a riot, aren’t they?”

I jogged the rest of the way and reached the gate first. I pulled it, and it wouldn’t open. So I tried pushing it.

It didn’t move.

Then I saw the heavy chain and the large steel padlock on the gate.

Swallowing hard, I turned back to the others.

“We’re locked in!” I told them.

21

“What?” Dad stared at me, his face twisted in confusion. I don’t think he believed me.

“We’re locked in!” I repeated. I lifted the heavy metal padlock with both hands and then let it fall back with a loud clang against the bars of the gate.

“But that’s impossible!” Mom cried, raising her hands to her cheeks. “They can’t lock people inside an amusement park!”

“Maybe it’s another joke,” Luke suggested. “Everything in this place turns out to be a joke. Maybe this is one, too.”

I lifted the heavy padlock again. “It doesn’t look like a joke, Luke,” I said unhappily.

“Then there must be another gate where they want us to exit,” Mom suggested.

“Maybe,” Dad said doubtfully. “Maybe there’s a side exit. But I haven’t seen one.”

“What are we going to do?” Clay asked, whining. His face was red, and he was breathing hard.

“Where is everyone?” Luke demanded, whining, too. “They’ve got to let us leave. They’ve got to!”

“Let’s try to stay calm,” Dad said, putting a hand on Luke’s shoulder. “There’s no reason to panic. This is a strange place, but we’re not in any danger.”

“He’s right,” Mom broke in. “There’s no reason to be afraid. We’ll be out of here and on our way home in no time.” She forced a smile.

“As soon as we get out, I’ll buy you guys pizzas and big, cold drinks,” Dad promised. “And we’ll all have a good laugh about our terrifying adventures today in HorrorLand.”

“But how do we get out?” Luke demanded shrilly.

“Well…” Dad rubbed his chin.

“Do you think we could climb the fence?” I asked.

We all raised our eyes to the top of the iron fence. It was way over our heads. It must have been about twenty feet tall.

“I can’t climb that!” Clay cried. “I’d fall!”

“It’s too high,” Mom said quickly.

“Bad idea,” I murmured.

A large white cloud drifted over the sun. Our shadows grew longer over the pavement. The air quickly grew cooler.

I felt a chill run down my back.

“There’s got to be a way out of this stupid park!” I cried angrily. I hoisted up the padlock and slammed it against the bars of the gate.

“Hold on, Lizzy,” Dad said soothingly. “We just have to find one of those costumed park workers. They’ll tell us how to get out.”

“Uh… Dad…” I turned and saw Luke grab Dad’s arm. “Here they come.”

We all uttered astonished cries as we saw the Horrors crossing the plaza. Dozens of them. They moved quickly, with a steady rhythm. Silently.

A few seconds before, the plaza had been empty. Now it was filled with green-costumed Horrors marching toward us, spreading out, preparing to surround us.

I could feel the panic rise up from my stomach. My knees began to shake. I stared in horror at them as they drew closer, closer. I couldn’t speak. I couldn’t move.

“What are they going to do?” Clay cried, his features twisted in terror. He slipped behind Dad. “What are they going to do to us?” he cried.

22

We huddled together as the Horrors marched silently toward us. The only sound was the soft thud of their monster feet on the pavement, and their long purple tails dragging on the ground.

“There are hundreds of them!” Mom murmured. She grabbed Dad’s arm with one hand. She slipped her other arm around my shoulders and pulled me closer.

We had our backs against the iron fence. We stared helplessly at the grinning green faces, the bulging yellow eyes, which appeared to be laughing cruelly at us.

Finally, they stopped a few feet in front of us.

The plaza was still and silent. Terrifyingly silent.

The sun was still hidden behind the big cloud. Two large blackbirds swooped low in the gray sky.

We stared at the Horrors, and they stared back at us.

I swallowed hard, leaning against my mother. I could feel her entire body trembling.

I took a deep breath and then cried out: “What do you want?” The sound of my own voice startled me.

One of the Horrors, a young woman, stepped forward.

Frightened, I tried to back up. But my back was already pressing against the fence.

“What do you want?” I repeated in a trembling voice.

The costumed Horror stared at us one by one. “I want to thank you,” she said in a cheery voice.

“Huh?” I uttered.

“I’m the HorrorLand MC. We all want to thank you for being our guests today.” She flashed us a warm smile.

“You mean we can go?” Luke demanded, half hidden behind my dad.

“Of course,” the Horror said, grinning warmly. “But first we all want to thank you for appearing on HorrorLand Hidden Camera.”

The dozens of Horrors behind her broke into applause and loud cheers.

“Huh? You mean this is some kind of show?” Dad demanded, frowning.

“See the cameras?” the MC asked. She gestured up to two tall poles in the plaza.

Raising my eyes to the top, I saw two TV cameras.

“You mean we were on TV?” Luke cried.

“Since the moment you arrived,” the MC replied. “Our hidden cameras followed you everywhere. From the hilarious scene where we blew up your car, our cameras were with you. And I know our home audience loved the terrified expressions on your faces and all of your horrified screams as you took our HorrorLand rides!”

“Now, wait a minute,” Dad said angrily. He took a step forward. His hands were balled into tense fists at his sides. “You say this is a TV show? How come I’ve never seen it?”

“We’re seen every weekend on The Monster Channel,” the Horror replied.

“Oh,” Dad replied quickly, lowering his eyes. “We don’t have cable.”

“You should get it,” the Horror told him. “You’re missing a lot of great scary shows on The Monster Channel.”

The Horrors all clapped and cheered.

“Well, you’ve been very good sports,” the MC continued, her yellow eyes bouncing in front of her head as she talked. “We’ve enjoyed having you. And to show our appreciation, we have a brand-new car waiting for you in the parking lot!”

More cheers and applause from the Horrors.

“A new car? Excellent!” Luke exclaimed.

“Does that mean we can leave?” Clay asked timidly.

The Horror nodded. “Yes, it’s time for you to leave. The real exit is right over there, through that doorway.”

She pointed to a tall green building near the end of the fence. I saw a yellow door on the side.

“Take the yellow door,” the Horror instructed. “And thanks again for appearing on HorrorLand Hidden Camera!”

As all the Horrors clapped their big green hands, we stepped away from the fence and hurried toward the exit. “I can’t believe we were on TV the whole time!” Mom declared.

“And we’re getting a new car!” Luke exclaimed happily. He started jumping up and down. Then he leaped onto Clay’s back, nearly knocking him over.

I laughed. It was good to see the old Luke back with us.

“We’ve got to get cable!” Luke told Dad. “I want to see The Monster Channel. It’s got to be awesome!”

“We’ll have to order it so we can see ourselves,” M
om said.

I reached the yellow door first and pulled it open. I stepped into an enormous room, with white walls that shone under the bright white lights from the ceiling.

“Is this the exit?” I cried.

As soon as we were all inside, the door slammed shut with a bang that made my heart skip.

Then all the lights went out.

“Welcome to the HorrorLand Challenge!” boomed a deep, frightening voice over a loudspeaker.

“Huh?” I gazed blindly around, trying to see something—anything—in the total darkness.

“You have one minute to go through the Monster Obstacle Course,” the voice thundered. “Please keep in mind that the games are now over. This is real. You’re playing for your life!”

23

“We’ve been tricked!” I heard Dad cry angrily. And then he shouted at the top of his lungs, “Let’s get out of here!”

“Run!” the deep voice boomed over the loudspeaker. “You have fifty-six seconds.”

Dad started to shout again. But we stopped when a dim light came up, and a disgusting four-armed creature stepped toward us.

“Ohhh!” I cried out without even realizing it.

The size of a gorilla, the monster had huge green eyes surrounded by thick red fur over its face. Saliva drooled from its mouth. And as it opened its jaws wider, two rows of long fangs slid over its thin purple lips.

“Don’t just stand there! Run! This is an obstacle course!” the voice boomed impatiently. “You have fifty seconds to live! At least make a good race of it.”

The monster uttered a low growl and lumbered toward us in the dim light. Its jaws were opened wide as if preparing to bite. Its four enormous clawed hands swiped at the air in front of it.

I was too stunned to move, too frightened to run.

But suddenly, I felt a hand grab mine and tug me hard.

It was Dad, I realized, trying to pull me to safety.

I heard the boys screaming in fear. I felt Mom brush beside me as we started to stumble forward.

“Run! Run!” the deep voice urged over the shrieks of the two boys.

I couldn’t see where I was running. The light was so dim, so shadowy. I saw only a blur now, a blur of running feet, of moving shadows.

The monster let out a deafening roar. I covered my ears and kept running.

Its four clawed hands swiped at Dad. Missed.

We hurtled past it.

Only to face two giant birds, at least ten feet tall. They looked like cranes. They squawked and flapped their enormous wings. It sounded like canvas tents flapping in a strong wind.

“Ohh! Help!”

Was that me shrieking like that?

Was I really being wrapped in their hot, flapping wings? Smothered? Choked?

“No—please!”

How did I break away?

Was I being chased now by six growling piglike creatures with sharp, pointed teeth curling from their twisted mouths?

The screams and terrified shrieks of my family rose over the beating birds’ wings, the monstrous growls and grunts.

I heard Dad cry out. And in the dim light, I saw him struggling to free himself from the four-armed creature.

“No!” I screamed as I felt something warm wrap around my ankle. A fur-covered snake!

I screamed again and kicked wildly, sending it flying into the darkness.

But before I could move away, another furry snake spun around my leg, tightening quickly.

I bent and pulled at it as it hissed in protest.

I tossed it aside.

“Run! Run!” the voice on the loudspeaker boomed. “Twenty seconds to live!”

More monsters loomed in front of us. Disgusting yellow lizardlike creatures with dark flicking tongues like bullwhips. A hopping furry ball that roared as it hopped, sharp teeth poking out of three mouths.

Hissing snakes, enormous buzzing insects with glowing red eyes, more grunting pig monsters. Then a giant bearlike creature came at us on two legs. It tossed its dark, round head back and laughed like a hyena as its paws punched the air.

“Help me!” I heard Luke shriek. And then I saw him disappear, wrapped inside the beating wings of one of the giant birds.

The bird cawed in triumph as its wings tightened around my brother.

“Ten seconds!” the voice boomed.

“No!” I cried. I lunged toward the bird, grasped the beating wing, and pulled it open.

Luke slid out, and we both began to run.

Monsters growled, and flapped, and grunted, and roared.

“Are we… going to make it?” Luke asked in a tiny voice.

I didn’t have a chance to answer.

Two powerful paws grabbed me around the waist, hoisted me high in the air, then slammed me to the floor.

I landed hard on my stomach. My forehead hit the floor.

Dizzy and hurt, I looked up in time to see an enormous elephant like creature about to flatten me with its huge furry back foot.

I’m not going to make it, I realized.

I’m not going to make it.

24

The enormous flat foot lowered over me slowly, steadily. The monster was taking its time.

It all seemed to be happening in slow motion.

I wanted to move. I wanted to roll out from under it.

But the fall had taken my breath away. I lay there gasping, watching the monster foot coming down to crush me.

“Ohhh.” I couldn’t catch my breath. I couldn’t squirm away.

I could feel the heat of the monster foot. I could smell its putrid sweat.

The foot pressed down on my stomach.

I shut my eyes and waited for the pain.

The jarring blast of a buzzer made my eyes shoot open.

The monster raised its heavy foot from my body. The floor shook under its weight as it began to lumber away.

Am I alive? I wondered.

Or am I only dreaming that I’m still alive?

Is that creature really leaving without crushing me?

The buzzer echoed in my ear. Then it abruptly stopped. The loudspeaker crackled on.

“Time’s up!” a woman’s voice said. The voice of the HorrorLand MC who had led us to this terrifying obstacle course.

“Time is up. What a thrilling race!” she gushed.

I groaned and started to pull myself up. In the dim light, I saw that all of the monsters had vanished.

“That was a tough battle,” the MC continued over the loudspeaker. “Do we have any survivors?”

“Yes, we do,” the deep, booming voice replied.

“How many survivors do we have in there?” the woman asked.

“Three,” the booming voice replied. “Three survivors out of five.”

25

A cold chill ran down my body.

I opened my mouth in a silent cry of shock and leaped to my feet.

Three out of five?

Did that mean that two of us were dead?

My chest still ached. My knees were trembling. I squinted into the dim light, searching desperately for the others.

Halfway across the room, I saw Luke and Clay. They were huddled together, walking as if in a daze toward the far wall.

“Hey!” I tried to call to them. But my voice came out a choked whisper.

Where were Mom and Dad?

Were they both killed by the monsters?

Three out of five. Three out of five.

“Nooooooooo!” I finally found my voice and let out a horrified wail that echoed off the walls.

“Excuse me. A slight mistake,” the deep voice boomed. “Make that five out of five survivors.”

“Five out of five!” the HorrorLand MC exclaimed. “A new record. We’ve never had a perfect score before. Let’s give them a round of applause, everyone!”

I took a deep breath and held it, trying to stop my trembling.

They’re okay! I thought happily. Mom and Dad are okay.

And then I saw them. They had their arms around Luke and Clay and were making their way toward me.

“We’re okay!” I cried, rushing to them, my arms outstretched. “We’re okay!”

All five of us huddled in the center of the dark room, hugging each other and sobbing.

Dad’s arm was bleeding from a deep gash. One of the monsters had clawed him.

Aside from that, we were shaken but not hurt.

“Now what?” Luke asked in a trembling voice. “Are they going to let us go?”

“They can’t get away with this,” Dad said angrily. “They can’t do this to people and get away with it. I don’t care if it is TV!”

“Those monsters were real!” I exclaimed with a shudder. “It wasn’t a fake. They were really trying to kill us.”

“How do we get out?” Luke demanded. “Will they let us out?”

We all started chattering at once, our voices high and frightened.

Suddenly, the ceiling lights flashed on, flooding the room with bright light. And the MC’s voice broke through our frightened conversation. “Let’s bring our winners out with a round of applause!” she announced cheerfully.

We all cried out as the floor began to tilt beneath us. I grabbed on to Dad, and we started to slide.

The floor tilted down like a sliding board. And we slid out of the room—and landed in the plaza outside.

Still feeling dazed, I jumped quickly to my feet as the HorrorLand MC hurried to greet us. The big crowd of Horrors behind her was clapping and cheering.

“You can’t do this to us!” I screeched.

I was so angry, I didn’t know what I was doing. I just totally freaked.

I leaped at the woman, grabbed the top of her mask, and started to pull it off with both hands.

“You can’t do this! You can’t!” I shrieked. “Let me see your face! Let me see who you really are!”

Using all of my strength, I gave the mask a hard tug.

Then I screamed and let go as I realized the truth.

26

She wasn’t wearing a mask!

The monstrous green face was her face.

She wasn’t wearing a monster costume. None of the Horrors were wearing costumes, I realized.

I stepped back, rais
ing my hands in horror as if trying to shield myself. “You—you’re really monsters!” I stammered.

They nodded back at me, pleased grins on their ugly faces. Their yellow eyes bobbed gleefully.

“You—you’re all monsters!” I screamed. “But—but you said this was a TV show,” I stammered to the Horror MC.

Her bulging yellow eyes gazed at me. “We’re happy to say it is the top-rated show on The Monster Channel,” she said cheerily. “Thanks to great contestants like you and your family. The Monster Channel is watched by nearly two million monsters all over the world.”

“But—but—” I stammered, taking another step back.

“People don’t always take us seriously,” she continued. “People come to HorrorLand and think it’s all a big joke. People laugh at the signs around the park. They laugh at the rides and attractions. But it’s all very serious to us. All of it.”

My father stepped up beside me, shaking a fist angrily. “But you can’t do this to innocent people!” he shouted. “You can’t bring people into this park to torture them, and—and—”

“Oh, I’m sorry. Our time is up,” the MC interrupted, shaking her enormous green head. “I’m sad to say it’s time to say good-bye to our special guests for this week.”

“Now, wait—” Dad shouted, raising both hands for quiet.

The crowd of Horrors silently pushed forward. We had no choice but to start moving with them.

“Let me show you people the way we say good-bye on HorrorLand Hidden Camera,” the MC said.

Dad tried to hold back, to resist, but several Horrors bumped against him. They were bumping all of us now, pushing us toward what appeared to be a round purple pond just beyond the plaza.

We couldn’t fight back. There were too many of them.

We couldn’t run. They had us surrounded.

They drove us like sheepdogs herding cattle. In a few seconds, we were standing at the edge of the purple pond.

A foul smell rose up from the pond. The purple liquid bubbled and gurgled, making a sick sucking sound.

“Let us go!” Luke cried shrilly. “We want to go home!”

The HorrorLand MC ignored his frantic pleas and stepped to the edge of the gurgling pond. “Saying good-bye is always sad,” she said. “So we try to have a little fun with our farewells.”

“Just let us go!” Luke insisted. Dad put a hand on his shoulder to try to comfort him.

We all stared at the MC as she raised a large rock in one hand and held it over the disgusting, bubbling pond. “Watch,” she instructed us with a smile.

She let the rock drop into the pond.

As soon as it touched the thick surface, it was pulled down with a loud sucking sound.

“See how easy it is to say good-bye?” the Horror said, turning to us. “Now, will you jump in—or do you want to be pushed?”

27

Silently, the Horrors began moving in on us. Closer. Closer.

Backing up, Clay tripped over my foot and nearly fell into the gurgling purple pit. I grabbed him and held on to him until he regained his balance.

All five of us were standing at the edge of the pit.

The sour odor swept over me. I felt sick. The thick purple slime lapped up at my ankles as if reaching out to grab me.

“Mom! Dad!” I cried. I didn’t know what I expected them to do. We were all helpless.

I knew we weren’t going to escape this time.

Without realizing it, we were all holding hands.

“Will you jump in—or do you want to be pushed?” The MC repeated her question.

“I’m real sorry,” Dad murmured to us, ignoring her. “I’m real sorry I brought you here. I—I didn’t know…” His voice broke. He lowered his eyes.

“Dad, it’s not your fault!” I told him, squeezing his hand.

And as I squeezed his hand, I had an idea.

A wild idea. A stupid idea. A really crazy idea.

I knew I had to try it. It was the only idea I had.

“People laugh at everything in the park,” the HorrorLand MC had told us. “But it’s all very serious to us,” she’d said.

All very serious…

Very serious…

She stood right in front of me now, waiting for us to jump to our deaths, eager for us to get sucked down into the purple slime.

I knew this was my last chance. I knew it was crazy.

But I knew I had to try it.

I stepped up to the MC, reached out, and pinched her arm as hard as I could.

28

Her mouth opened wide, and she let out a startled gasp.

She tried to pull her arm away. But I held on and pinched harder. “The Mad Pincher strikes again!” I shouted, remembering Luke’s annoying cry.

Her yellow eyes rolled around crazily. “No!” she pleaded.

Harder. Harder.

And then I was the one to cry out as her mouth opened wide, and, with a loud whoosh, a rush of air escaped her lips.

I leaped back.

As the air rushed from her mouth, she appeared to deflate, just like a balloon.

I gaped in amazement as she folded helplessly to the ground.

An angry cry rose up from the crowd of Horrors. “Inflate her!” one of them yelled. “Inflate her immediately!”

They began moving in on us, growling and grumbling menacingly.

“Pinch them!” I shouted to my family. “Pinch them! The ‘No Pinching’ signs that we thought were so stupid—they were serious! The Horrors deflate if they’re pinched!”

A Horror stepped up, arms outstretched to push me into the pond. I pinched his arm hard, and a few seconds later, he deflated.

I heard the whoosh of air escaping to my right and saw that Luke had deflated one, too.

Whoosh! Another one deflated and folded to the pavement.

That’s all it took.

The plaza filled with frightened cries and gasps of horror.

The alarmed Horrors turned and ran. Stampeded is a better word. They scattered through the park, screaming as they ran.

Taking a long, deep breath, I happily watched them flee. “See? I always come through in a pinch!” I said, amazing myself by making a joke.

I don’t think anyone else in my family heard me. They were shouting for joy, hugging each other, jumping up and down.

“Let’s get out of here!” I shouted. I started running toward the front gate. The others followed close behind.

The gate was open now. I guess the Horrors had opened it, figuring the only place we were heading was to the bottom of the purple pond.

Without looking back, we ran out into the empty parking lot.

And stopped.

“No car,” I murmured.

In all the excitement, I had forgotten that our car had been blown up.

I let out a weary sigh. I felt as if I were deflating, just like the Horrors. “Now what?” I asked, staring across the enormous flat parking lot.

“It’s too far to walk!” Luke wailed. “How do we get out of here?”

“The buses!” Mom cried, pointing. I turned my eyes to the row of purple-and-green buses parked on the side of the lot. They glowed under the bright afternoon sun.

“Yeah!” Dad cried excitedly. “Maybe we can start one up and get away from here!”

We started jogging over the pavement to the buses. “Cross your fingers,” Dad called, leading the way. “Maybe they leave the keys in them. It’s our only chance!”

“Hurry!” Luke shouted suddenly. “They’re coming!”

My heart leaped in my chest. I turned back toward the gate.

Sure enough, the Horrors were pouring out of the park, chasing after us. “Give up! You cannot escape!” one of them screamed.

“No one ever escapes!” another Horror shouted.

“Hurry!” Luke cried. “Hurry! They’re going to catch us!”

29

With the Horrors close behind, shouting and threatening us, we ran full sp
eed toward the row of buses.

My heart was pounding almost as loud as my sneakers against the pavement. My throat ached, and I had a sharp pain in my side.

But I kept running.

“You cannot escape!”

“Stop now!”

“Give up!”

The angry cries of the Horrors sounded even closer. But I didn’t turn back to see if they were catching up.

The door to the first bus was open. Dad got there first and scrambled up the steps and inside.

Mom stepped in, followed by the two boys.

I pulled myself inside and the bus door slid shut behind me. “Dad—the keys!” I choked out.

“Yes! They’re here!” he cried happily. “Hold on! We’re getting away!”

The engine coughed, then started up with a roar. Dad lowered his foot on the gas pedal, and the bus shot forward. I stumbled down the aisle and fell into a seat behind Luke and Clay.

“Hurry! They’re coming! They’re coming!” Luke and Clay were screaming in unison.

I could hear the angry shouts of the Horrors through the closed bus windows.

“We’re okay!” Dad cried, leaning over the big steering wheel. “We’re okay! We’re outta here!”

“Yes!” I shouted happily. “Yes!”

We all started to cheer. We kept cheering until we were out of the parking lot and back on the highway.

We laughed and celebrated all the way home.

The drive took hours and hours, but we didn’t care. We were safe! We had escaped!

It was night when Dad pulled the bus up our driveway. “Home, sweet home!” I cried joyfully.

We all piled eagerly out of the bus. I took a deep breath and stretched. The air smelled so sweet and fresh. A full moon made the front lawn shine.

Then I saw him. It was a Horror, and he was clinging to the back of our bus. “Oh, no!” I cried out.

“What are you doing there?” Dad demanded.

“Did you ride there the whole way home?” Luke asked in disbelief.

I shrank back as the Horror let go of the bus and slid to the ground. His yellow eyes studied us menacingly. He moved toward us quickly.

I hate chickens.

They are filthy creatures, and they smell like… like… chickens.

“Crystal, it’s your turn to feed the chickens,” Mom says. My least favorite words.

I carry the seed bucket out to the backyard, and they come scurrying over, clucking and squawking and flapping their greasy wings. I hate the way they brush up against my legs as they peck the seeds off the ground. Their feathers are so rough and scratchy.

My brother, Cole, and I are always trying to convince my parents to get rid of the chickens. “Just because we live on a farm doesn’t mean we have to have chickens,” I always say.

“Right! We’re not farmers!” Cole agrees. “So why do we have to have those smelly chickens?”

“It’s always been our dream,” Mom always replies. Blah blah blah.

Cole and I have heard the dream story a thousand times.

We’ve heard how Mom and Dad grew up in the Bronx in New York City. How they hated the noise and the dirt and the concrete. How they dreamed of leaving the city for good and living on a farm near a small country town.

So, when Cole was two and I was four, we moved to Goshen Falls. Lucky us! The whole town is three blocks long. We have a cute little farm with a cute little farmhouse. And even though Mom and Dad are computer programmers—not farmers—we have a backyard full of chickens.

Cluck. Cluck. That’s their dream.

My dream is that Cole gets punished for mouthing off the way he always does. And his punishment is that he has to feed the chickens for the rest of his life.

Everyone has to have a dream—right?

“OWW!” A chicken pecked my ankle. That hurt! Their beaks are so sharp.

I tossed a final handful of seed on the ground and hopped backward, away from the gross, clucking creatures. Their little black eyes glinted in the sunlight as they strutted over the grass. Pecking each other. Bumping each other out of the way as they dipped their scrawny heads for the food.

I dropped the bucket in the back of the little barn we also use as a garage. Then I washed my hands under the cold water spigot at the side of the barn.

I heard a low roar. A shadow rolled over the barn. I gazed up to see a small plane dipping under the puffy afternoon clouds.

I took a deep breath. The tangy aroma of potatoes floated in the air.

That’s what the farmers grow around here. Mostly potatoes and corn.

I dried my hands on the legs of my jeans and hurried off in search of my brother. It was a sunny Saturday afternoon. Most of my friends from school were away on a 4-H club trip.

Mom asked me to keep an eye on Cole. He’s ten, two years younger than me. But sometimes he acts like a four-year-old. It seems like he’s always finding new ways to get into trouble.

I wandered through town. No sign of him. I asked Mrs. Wagner at the bakery if she’d seen him. Cole likes to stop in there and beg her for free doughnuts.

Mrs. Wagner said she saw Cole and his friend Anthony heading out of town in the direction of Pullman’s Pond.

Uh-oh, I thought. What are they planning to do at the pond? I started to the door.

“I just love your hair, Crystal,” Mrs. Wagner called. “It’s such a beautiful deep shade of red. You should be a model. Really. You’re so tall and thin.”

“Thanks, Mrs. Wagner!” I called as the door closed behind me. I wasn’t thinking about my hair or being a model. I was thinking about Cole and Anthony and the pond.

I trotted the rest of the way through town. Waved to Mr. Porter standing in the window of the Pic ’n’ Pay. Then I turned off the street and followed the dirt path that led to Pullman’s Pond.

I didn’t have to go far to find Cole and Anthony. They were hiding behind the long hedge at the edge of Vanessa’s property.

I gazed beyond the hedge to the falling-down old farmhouse where Vanessa lives.

Who is Vanessa? I guess you might say she is the most interesting person in Goshen Falls. And the most weird.

Actually, Vanessa is like someone from a horror movie. She is kind of pretty, with long, straight black hair and a pale, white face. She dresses all in black. She wears black lipstick and black fingernail polish.

Vanessa is a mystery woman. No one knows if she’s young or old.

She keeps to herself. I’ve hardly ever seen her in town. She lives in her old farmhouse right outside of town with her black cat.

Naturally, everyone says she is some kind of sorceress.

I’ve heard all kinds of stories about Vanessa. Frightening stories. Most of the kids in Goshen Falls are scared of her. But that doesn’t stop them from playing tricks on her.

Kids are always daring each other to sneak up to Vanessa’s house. It’s kind of a game everyone plays. Sneak up to her house, tap on the window, make her cat screech. Then run away before Vanessa sees you.

“Hey—Cole!” I called in a loud whisper. I ducked my head as I ran along the hedge. If Vanessa was home, I didn’t want her to see me.

“Hey, Cole—what’s up?”

As I came nearer, I saw that Cole and Anthony weren’t alone. Two other kids huddled behind the hedge. Franny Jowett and Jeremy Garth.

Cole raised a finger to his lips. “Ssshhhh. Vanessa is in there.”

“What are you doing?” I demanded. I saw that Franny and Jeremy held plastic water pitchers in their hands. “Is that lemonade or something?”

They shook their heads solemnly.

“Some kids dared them to fill Vanessa’s mailbox with water,” Cole explained.

“Huh?” I gasped. I stared at Franny and Jeremy. “You’re not going to do it—are you?”

“They have to,” Cole answered for them. “A dare is a dare.”

“But that’s so mean!” I protested.

My brother snickered. “The mailbox is right next to the front door. No way they won’t get caught.”

Franny and Jeremy are blond and pale. Now they looked even paler than usual. Jeremy made a soft, choking sound. Franny gripped her pitcher tightly and peered over the hedge at the black metal mailbox on its tilted pole.

“You accepted the dare. Are you going to wimp out?” Cole demanded.

Franny and Jeremy glanced at each other nervously. They didn’t reply.

“Don’t do it,” Anthony suddenly chimed in.

We all turned to Anthony. He’s short and chubby and has a round face and very short black hair. He wears red-framed glasses that are always slipping down his little pug nose.

“Don’t do it,” Anthony repeated.

“Why n-not?” Franny stammered.

“Didn’t you hear what happened when Vanessa caught Tommy Pottridge?” Anthony asked in a hushed whisper. “Didn’t you hear what she did to him?”

“No!” Franny and Jeremy declared together.

I felt a tremble of fear run down my back. “What did Vanessa do to Tommy?” I demanded.

2

I peered over the tall hedge. Did something move in Vanessa’s front window?

No. Just a glint of sunlight on the windowpane.

We huddled closer to Anthony. Even though it was a warm spring day, I suddenly felt chilled. “What did Vanessa do to Tommy?” I repeated in a whisper.

“She caught him sneaking up to her house,” Anthony reported. “She did some kind of magic spell on him. She made his head blow up like a balloon.”

“Oh, come on!” I exclaimed, rolling my eyes.

“No—really!” Anthony protested. “His head was huge. And it got all soft and squishy. Like a sponge.”

Cole laughed.

Anthony clamped a ha
nd over Cole’s mouth. “It’s true!” he insisted. “Vanessa gave him a big, soft, spongy head. That’s why we don’t see Tommy around anymore!”

“But the Pottridges moved away!” Franny cried.

“That’s why they moved,” Anthony replied. “Because of Tommy’s head.”

We all froze for a moment, thinking about Anthony’s story. I tried to picture Tommy with a big, squishy head.

Cole broke the silence. “Give me that!” he cried. He grabbed the water pitcher from Jeremy’s hands. “I’ll fill up her mailbox. I’m not scared.”

“No way!” Jeremy protested. He wrestled the pitcher away from my brother. Then he turned to Franny. “We’re doing it—right? We were dared, so we have to do it—right?”

Franny swallowed hard. “I guess,” she choked out.

“All right!” Cole cheered, slapping them both on the back. Franny nearly dropped her pitcher. “You can do it! Lots of kids play tricks on Vanessa. And they don’t get squishy heads.”

“I still think it’s mean to fill someone’s mailbox with water,” I protested. “And it’s not worth the risk.”

No one wanted to listen to me or my warnings.

Franny and Jeremy tiptoed to the end of the hedge. Then they began slowly making their way over the tall, weed-choked grass.

They carried their plastic water pitchers in both hands in front of them. And they kept their eyes on the tilted mailbox to the right of the front door of Vanessa’s farmhouse.

Cole, Anthony, and I crept out from behind the hedge to watch. I held my breath and stared at the front window, looking out for Vanessa.

But the glare of yellow sunlight filled the windowpane. I couldn’t see a thing.

Franny and Jeremy seemed to be moving in slow motion. It was taking them forever to cross the lawn to the mailbox!

A million tiny white gnats flew over the tall grass. Swirling and dancing in the sunlight, the gnats sparkled like jewels.

Franny and Jeremy walked right through them. Their eyes didn’t leave the mailbox.

The two boys and I stepped a little closer, eager to see better.

No sign of anyone inside the house.

We stepped even closer.

At last, Jeremy pulled down the metal mailbox lid. He and Franny raised their plastic pitchers.

They both lowered the pitchers to the mailbox.

And poured.

The water made a soft splashing sound as it hit the metal mailbox.

Franny emptied her pitcher. Jeremy had nearly emptied his.

Then the front door swung open—and Vanessa burst out.

She wore a flowing black dress. Her straight black hair flew wildly behind her. Her black-lipsticked lips were open in an angry cry.

The cat screeched shrilly from somewhere in the house.

Franny dropped her pitcher. She bent to pick it up.

Changed her mind.

Ran.

Jeremy was already diving into the bushes at the far side of the house. Franny ran close behind him.

Cole, Anthony, and I hadn’t moved.

We stood in the grass. Frozen. Watching Vanessa.

I gasped when I saw Vanessa’s furious stare.

I turned to Cole and Anthony. “Why is she staring like that at us?” I choked out. “Does she think we did it?”

3

My whole body stiffened. As if Vanessa’s eyes were shooting out some kind of laser ray.

I forced myself to spin away. And I started to run.

Cole and Anthony were at my sides. Our sneakers thudded heavily over the dirt path. We kicked up clouds of dirt as we ran. A blur of green and brown, the fields appeared to tilt and sway around me.

We ran through town without stopping. Without saying a word. Without even looking at each other!

Mrs. Wagner stepped out of the bakery. She started to say hello. I caught the shocked expression on her face as the three of us ran past her without slowing down.

We ran until we reached my house. We burst through the gate, slamming it open so hard, the whole fence shook. I pushed open the front door with my shoulder, and all three of us staggered into the living room.

Gasping for breath, I dropped to my knees on the carpet.

Cole and Anthony collapsed onto the couch.

We struggled to catch our breath. I brushed my hair back off my sweaty forehead. The clock on the mantel chimed. Three o’clock.

Cole and Anthony burst out laughing.

I narrowed my eyes at them. “What’s so funny?” I demanded breathlessly.

That made them laugh even harder.

“What’s so funny, guys?” I repeated. I climbed to my feet and pressed my hands into my waist, waiting for an answer. “Why are you laughing?”

“I don’t know!” Cole answered finally.

“I don’t know, either!” Anthony echoed.

And they both laughed again.

“You’re crazy,” I muttered, shaking my head. “That wasn’t funny. It was scary.”

Cole pulled himself up. His expression turned serious. “Did you see the way Vanessa stared at us?”

“She didn’t see Franny and Jeremy,” Anthony said. “She only saw us.” He pulled off his glasses and cleaned them on his T-shirt sleeve. The short black hair on his round head glistened with sweat.

I felt a chill. “What if Vanessa decides to do something terrible to us?” I demanded. “You two won’t be laughing then.”

Cole pulled himself up even straighter. He ran a hand back through his wavy blond hair. Cole is tall and even skinnier than me. Sometimes I think he looks like a grasshopper.

“Crystal, what do you mean?” he demanded softly.

“I mean, if Vanessa thinks we were the ones who filled her mailbox with water, maybe she’ll pay us back. You know. Make our heads swell up or something.”

“But we didn’t do anything!” Anthony protested. “We have to tell her it was Franny and Jeremy.”

“Snitch,” Cole muttered, grinning at his friend.

“Maybe she won’t give us a chance to explain,” I said. “Maybe she’ll just do something horrible to us.”

I started to the kitchen. “You guys want something to drink?”

I didn’t hear their replies.

I pulled open the fridge and took out a bottle of iced tea.

A second later, I opened my mouth in a loud scream of pain.

4

“Crystal—what happened?” Cole came running into the kitchen.

I shuddered in pain. “Ohhhh.”

“What happened?” he cried.

I shook my hand, trying to shake away the throbbing. “The fridge door,” I managed to choke out. “I—slammed it on my hand.”

I shook my hand some more. Then I tested each finger. I could move them. Nothing broken.

I raised my eyes to Cole. “Why are you grinning?” I demanded.

“You didn’t slam your hand,” he replied. “Vanessa did!”

Anthony giggled from the doorway.

“Cole—you’re not funny!” I screeched. I wrapped my fingers around his scrawny neck and pretended to strangle him. But my hand still hurt. I had to let go.

“Vanessa cursed you,” Anthony said, picking up where Cole had left off. “Now your hand will probably swell up to the size of a cantaloupe.”

“And it will get soft and squishy like Tommy’s head,” Cole added gleefully. “Soft and squishy—like your brain!”

“Not funny! Not funny!” I insisted. I admit it. I felt a little afraid. I didn’t like kidding around about this stuff.

My hand ached and burned. I opened the freezer and stuck it inside. “What if Vanessa really has powers?” I asked them. “What if she really did make me slam the door on my hand?”

Cole and Anthony raised their hands in front of them and began moving them back and forth, as if casting spells on me. “You are a sponge head!” Cole cried, lowering his voice, trying to sound like a real sorcerer. “You will mop up the dinner d
ishes with your head!”

That’s when Mom and Dad walked in.

“What on earth—?” Mom cried. “Crystal—why do you have your hand in the freezer?”

“Oh. Uh…” I slid my hand out and closed the freezer door. “Just cooling off,” I said.

Mom narrowed her eyes at me. “Cooling off one hand?”

“Actually, I slammed a door on it,” I told her.

“Vanessa slammed a door on it,” Cole corrected.

“Vanessa?” Dad asked, crossing to the sink.

“You mean that strange woman who lives outside of town?”

“Have you been pestering that poor woman again?” Mom demanded. “Don’t you kids have anything better to do than sneak around and play tricks on her?”

“We didn’t do anything,” Cole said. “Really.”

“That’s the truth,” Anthony chimed in.

“Then why did you mention Vanessa?” Mom asked Cole.

I decided I’d better change the subject. “Where were you two?” I asked my parents.

“Out back. Trying to decide where to put the fence for the vegetable garden,” Dad replied. He was washing his hands in the kitchen sink, something Mom always scolds him for.

“If we didn’t have chickens, you wouldn’t need a fence,” I grumbled. “I think you should get rid—”

“That reminds me,” Mom interrupted. “Cole, some of the chickens wandered all the way to the back. Would you go out and round them up, please?”

“Chicken Roundup!” I exclaimed gleefully. I slapped Cole on the back. “Congrats! Your favorite job!”

“But that’s not fair! I did the chicken roundup last time!” Cole wailed. “It’s Crystal’s turn!”

“I fed them this morning,” I declared. “And it wasn’t even my turn. Besides, it’s easier for you to round them up. Because you look like a big rooster!”

Everyone laughed except Cole. He grumbled and shook his head. Then he grabbed Anthony and pulled him outside to help with the chicken roundup.

A few seconds later, I could hear a lot of clucking and squawking back there. And I could hear the boys shouting and complaining.

Did you ever try to herd chickens?

It isn’t easy.

My hand ached all day from slamming it in the fridge door. And every time it ached, I thought of Vanessa.

And I pictured her cold eyes, staring at the boys and me.

She isn’t going to do anything to us, I told myself. She can’t do anything to us. Those stories about Vanessa can’t be true.

I kept repeating this to myself. But that night, I had trouble falling asleep.

I kept seeing a shadow move against my bedroom wall. The shadow of a cat.

I climbed out of bed and pulled down the window blind. Now the room was bathed in total darkness. No shadows on the wall.

I still couldn’t fall asleep.

I stared wide-eyed into the blackness.

“Crystal, go to sleep,” I instructed myself. “You are scaring yourself for no reason.”

A creaking sound made me jump.

A crack of gray light at my bedroom door.

Another creak—and the streak of light grew wider.

I swallowed hard.

I watched the door slowly slide open.

Staring in silence, I realized that someone was creeping into my bedroom.

Someone wearing a black veil. And a long black dress.

Vanessa!

5

I opened my mouth to scream. But only a low moan came out.

I started to jump out of bed. But where could I run?

She slid silently toward me, arms reaching out as if ready to grab me. Her face was hidden behind the heavy black veil.

How did she get in the house?

What is she going to do to me?

The frightening questions fluttered through my mind.

She leaned over my bed. Her hands moved to my throat.

“No!” I choked out.

I reached up. Pushed away her hands. Grasped her veil in both hands. And tugged it off.

Cole!

In the gray light from the open doorway, I could see his grin.

“Cole—you jerk!” I shrieked.

I tossed the veil down. Dove for him. Tried to tackle him to the floor.

But I missed—and tumbled out of bed.

“Cole—you creep! You scared me to death!”

I don’t think he heard me over his gleeful laughter.

I scrambled to my feet. He dodged away from me. Still cackling, he backed up to the doorway. “You really thought it was Vanessa!” he cried.

“Did not!” I lied. “You just scared me, that’s all.”

“Did too!” he insisted. “You thought it was Vanessa. You really thought she had come to pay you back!”

“Did not! Did not!” I cried angrily.

He made hand motions as if casting a spell. “Abracadabra! You’re a sponge head!”

He started laughing again. He really thought he was a riot.

“I’ll pay you back!” I promised him. “Really. I’m going to pay you back!”

Shaking his head, he made his way out of the room, the long black skirt trailing over the floor. With an angry growl, I picked up the veil and heaved it after him.

I punched my pillow furiously. Why did I let him fool me like that? Now he’d tell everyone in school that I thought Vanessa was sneaking into my room.

My heart still pounding, I climbed back into bed. I felt so angry, it took me hours to fall asleep. And when I finally drifted off, I dreamed about a cat.

An ugly black cat with bright yellow eyes and a blood-red tongue.

The cat hunched in an all-white room. But then the room became my room.

In the dream, the cat moved to the end of my bed. It opened its mouth wide. The bright red tongue darted over its yellow teeth.

And then the cat began to screech.

A sharp, painful sound—like fingernails dragged over a chalkboard.

It screeched. And screeched. Its mouth opened wider. Its yellow eyes flamed.

I couldn’t stand the sound. In the dream, I saw myself cover my ears with both hands.

But the shrill screeching grew even louder.

The cat floated closer. Closer. Opened its jaws wide, as if to swallow me.

I woke up, stunned by the sudden silence.

The dream had been so real. I expected to see the screeching cat standing on my bedcovers.

Bars of yellow sunlight fell through the window blinds onto my floor. I saw the crumpled black veil beside the door.

No cat.

I stretched and climbed out of bed. Yawning, I got dressed for school.

Mom was setting down a bowl of cornflakes and a glass of orange juice for me when I reached the kitchen. “Sleep well?” she asked.

“Not at all,” I grumbled. I dropped into my seat at the breakfast table. “First I couldn’t get to sleep. Then I had an annoying nightmare.”

Mom tsk-tsked. She crossed to the sink and began pouring water into the coffeemaker.

I thought about telling her about Cole’s dumb joke. But I decided not to. Mom would only start asking us again about what we were doing at Vanessa’s house yesterday.

“What are you doing after school, Crystal?” she asked, clicking on the coffeemaker. “Maybe you can come home and rest up then.”

“No way,” I replied, swallowing a mouthful of cornflakes. “I’ve got basketball practice. Coach Clay says she’s going to give me extra playing time. I told her how tired I am of being the sixth girl. I want to be a starter. But I never get enough playing time to show how good I am.”

Mom turned to me. She blew a strand of brown hair off her forehead. “Maybe that’s why you couldn’t sleep last night,” she said. “Maybe you were nervous about basketball practice.”

I shrugged. I didn’t want to tell her the real reason.

I heard Cole clomping down the stairs. Mom pulled out a cereal bowl for him.

“When are you going to buy a birthday present for Lucy-Ann?” Mom asked me. “You know her birthday party is Saturday.”

Lucy-Ann is one of my best friends. She has been talking about this birthday—her thirteenth!—for weeks. She’s so excited about becoming a teenager.

“Maybe I’ll go shopping tomorrow after school,” I replied.

“What are you going to get her?”

I opened my mouth to answer, but Cole came charging into the room.

One look at his face—and Mom and I both gasped.

“Cole!” Mom cried.

“My f-face…” he stammered.

His cheeks and forehead were covered with big sores. Ugly red blotches.

“It… hurts…” he groaned. He turned to me. “Vanessa,” he murmured. “Vanessa did this to me.”

6

Cole dropped to his knees and covered his face with his hands.

I jumped up from my chair. “Cole—?”

“I’ll call the doctor!” Mom cried. “Or should I dial 911?” She bent over Cole. “Does it really hurt? Are you really in pain?”

Cole slowly lowered his hands. And as he did, I saw the broad grin on his face.

And I saw that his hands had smeared the red blotches on his cheeks.

“Cole!” I screamed furiously.

Mom’s mouth dropped open. She had one hand on the phone, ready to call the doctor.

“Red marker pen,” Cole said through his grin. Then he burst out laughing.

“Aaaagggh!” I let out a furious cry—and heaved my cereal spoon at him. It bounced off his chest and clattered across the linoleum floor.

“Not funny!” I screamed.

Mom shook her head. “Cole, you really scared me.” She sighed.

Cole stood up and pointed at me. “Crystal, you really believed Vanessa did it to me,” he accused.

“Your jokes are just stupid!” I cried. “I’m never going to believe you again. Even if you get hit by a truck, I won’t believe you!”

I spun around and stormed out of the kitchen.

Behind me, I could hear Mom telling Cole, “You really
have to stop scaring your sister.”

“Why?” Cole asked.

I grabbed my backpack, tore out of the house, and slammed the door behind me.

I forced Vanessa from my mind.

I didn’t think about her once that whole day.

In fact, I didn’t think about her until the next time I saw her.

And that’s when all the frightening stuff really started.

7

“Is that Lucy-Ann’s cake?” Cole asked.

“Well, it says HAPPY BIRTHDAY, LUCY-ANN on it,” I replied. “So what’s your guess, genius?”

Cole, Anthony, and I had our noses pressed against the window of the bakery. Several white-frosted birthday cakes were on display. Lucy-Ann’s stood in the middle of the shelf, ready to be picked up for her party on Saturday.

I saw Mrs. Wagner waving to us from behind the counter inside the store. I waved back to her. Then I checked my watch.

“Hey—I’m late,” I told the boys. “I’ve got to buy a present for Lucy-Ann. Then I’ve got to get home and study my math.”

I hurried toward the Mini-Mart on the corner next to the grocery. My plan was to buy Lucy-Ann a new CD. At the end of the block, Mr. Horace’s old hound sprawled in the middle of Main Street, lazily scratching his mangy ear with a back paw, looking as if he owned the town.

I heard Cole and Anthony laughing behind me. I turned and made a shooing motion with both hands. “Take a walk, guys. You don’t have to tag along with me.”

They ignored me, as usual.

Cole slipped an egg from his pocket. His eyes flashed mischievously. “Think fast!” he cried. He tossed the egg at Anthony.

Anthony cupped his hands and caught the egg. Without a pause, he tossed it back to my brother.

“Oh, please,” I begged. “Not this stupid game.”

Cole had to stretch—but he caught the egg in one hand.

This is one of their games that drives me crazy. They throw an egg back and forth, back and forth as they walk. Each time they throw it, they stand a little farther apart from each other.

The idea is to see how far they can toss the egg without breaking it.

The answer usually is: not too far.

One of them always ends up with egg splattered all over him. Once I made the mistake of trying to dive between them and intercept the egg. Too bad I intercepted it with my forehead.

“Please, guys,” I begged. “Go do your egg toss somewhere else—okay?”

Cole backed up into the middle of the street. A few feet away, Mr. Horace’s old hound yawned and rolled onto his back. I saw two men in overalls pulling enormous burlap bags of feed from the Feed Store across the street.

“Yo!” Cole called—and heaved the egg high in the air.

Anthony raised a hand to shield his eyes from the sun. He backed up, back, back—nearly to the grocery store.

And the egg plopped down on top of his head.

What a disgusting craaack it made. Really gross.

“Huh?” Anthony uttered a startled gasp. And yellow goo started to flow down his forehead and the sides of his hair.

“Sorry. It got away from me!” Cole cried. But he couldn’t keep a straight face. He burst out laughing.

Anthony let out an angry growl and charged at Cole.

Cole dodged away from him and ran up onto the sidewalk.

“Stop it! Stop it!” I shouted.

Roaring like an angry lion, Anthony dove at my brother and pinned him against the grocery store window. “You did that on purpose!” he shouted.

“No way! It was an accident!” Cole replied, laughing.

Anthony lowered his egg-gloppy head and head-butted Cole in the chest.

“Ooof!” My brother let out a groan.

Anthony pulled back his head and prepared another head butt.

Cole glanced down at his T-shirt. It was drenched in sticky egg yolk.

“Stop it! Stop it!” Shrieking at them, I dove between them. I grabbed Anthony’s shoulders and tried to tug him off Cole.

I didn’t see Vanessa step out of the grocery store.

None of us did.

“Get off!” I begged Anthony. I gave him a hard tug.

And all three of us bounced hard into Vanessa.

First I saw her black dress. Then I saw her pale face. Saw her dark eyes go wide with surprise.

I saw her mouth fall open. Her hands fly up.

And two bags of groceries bounced to the sidewalk.

I heard one bag rip. And I heard cans and bottles clatter onto the street.

The sound of shattering glass made me turn to the street. I saw a puddle of deep red ketchup that had leaked from a broken ketchup bottle. A carton of eggs lay open and shattered in the gutter.

I still had Anthony’s shoulders gripped in both hands. A shiver ran down his body. He pulled free of me with a hard jerk.

“Sorry!” he cried to Vanessa. “I’m really sorry!”

Then he jumped over some of her groceries—and went running into the street.

“Whooooa!” Anthony cried out as he tripped over the hound dog. He went down face first on the pavement on top of the dog.

The dog didn’t make a sound. It hardly moved.

Anthony struggled to his feet. Then he roared off behind the Feed Store. He disappeared without ever looking back.

“Oh, wow,” I murmured, staring down at the ruined groceries all over the street. “Oh, wow.”

Cole stood beside me, breathing noisily, shaking his head.

The dog loped over slowly, favoring one leg. He lowered his head and began licking egg yolk off the pavement.

I turned to Vanessa and nearly gasped when I saw the look of fury on her cold, pale face.

As her eyes locked on mine, I felt as if I’d been stabbed—by an icicle.

A shiver of fear made me take a step back. I grabbed Cole’s arm. I started to pull him away.

But Vanessa stepped forward, her long black dress sweeping along the sidewalk. She pointed to Cole with a slender finger tipped in black nail polish. Then she pointed at me.

“Chicken chicken,” she whispered.

8

A smile spread over Vanessa’s black-lipsticked lips as she rasped those words at us.

“Chicken chicken.”

I gasped as if I’d been slapped.

The street tilted in front of me. Then it started to spin.

What on earth did she mean? Why did she say that?

Cole and I didn’t wait to ask her. Our sneakers thudded the pavement as we took off, running at full speed.

I glimpsed the old hound dog, still lapping up egg yolk from the street. And I glimpsed Vanessa’s angry face for one more brief second.

And then Cole and I whipped around the corner, sped past the post office and the dry cleaner, and ran all the way home.

I didn’t glance back once. And I didn’t say a word until we were safely in the kitchen.

I collapsed onto a kitchen stool. Cole ran the cold water in the sink and splashed it over his face and hair.

We were both panting and wheezing, too breathless to speak. I wiped the sweat off my forehead with my arm. Then I crossed to the fridge and pulled out a small bottle of water. Twisting off the cap, I tilted it to my mouth and drank it down.

“We should have stayed,” I finally managed to sputter.

“Huh?” Cole turned to me. He had water dripping down his red face. The front of his T-shirt was soaked.

“We should have stayed and helped Vanessa pick up her groceries,” I told him.

“No way!” Cole protested. “She’s crazy! Did you see the look on her face?”

“Well… we knocked down all of her groceries,” I said.

“So? It was an accident,” my brother insisted. “Accidents happen all the time, right? But she… she wanted to destroy us!”

I rubbed the cool bottle against my pounding forehead. “Why did she say that to us?” I asked, thinking out loud. “Why did she whisper l
ike that?”

Cole changed his expression. He reached out his hand and pointed a finger at me. Then he did a pretty good Vanessa imitation. “Chicken chicken!” he rasped, shaking his finger at me.

“Stop it!” I snapped. “I mean, really. Stop it, Cole. You’re giving me the creeps.”

“Chicken chicken,” he whispered again.

“Come on. Give me a break,” I pleaded. I crushed the plastic bottle in my hand. “It’s just so weird,” I murmured. “Why did she say that word? Why?”

Cole shrugged. “Because she’s crazy?”

I shook my head fretfully. “She isn’t crazy. She’s evil,” I said. I wrapped my arms around myself. “I just have this feeling that something horrible is going to happen now.”

Cole rolled his eyes. “Crystal—what could happen?”

9

“Did you buy a present for Lucy-Ann?” Mom asked at dinner.

I swallowed a forkful of spaghetti. “Well… actually… no.”

She gazed up at me in surprise. “But I thought you went into town to buy her a CD.”

“Pass the Parmesan cheese,” Dad interrupted. So far, those were his only words this evening. Guess he had a bad day at work.

“I don’t understand,” Mom insisted. “What did you do after school, Crystal?”

“Nothing, Mom.” I sighed. “Can we change the topic?”

“You have spaghetti sauce all over your chin,” Cole pointed out.

I made a face at him. “Very helpful,” I muttered. “Guess I’ve been sitting across the table from you for too long. I’m picking up your habits.”

He stuck out his tongue at me. He had half a meatball on his tongue. Very mature.

“I forgot to ask you about basketball practice yesterday,” Dad chimed in. “How did that—”

“Bad topic!” I interrupted.

Mom set down her fork. She blew a strand of hair off her forehead. “Guess every topic is a bad one tonight, huh?”

“Maybe,” I grumbled, lowering my eyes to my plate. I shook my head. “I was terrible at practice. Coach Clay gave me a chance, and I played like a perfect klutz.”

“No one’s perfect,” Cole chimed in.

I glanced up. Yes! She was watching. She had Cole resting in her palm. She leaned over the desk, and her dark eyes stared down at the sheet of paper.

I was gasping for breath by the time I finished. My little heart was pounding. It was such hard work! But I typed the whole message:

VANESSA, WE’RE REALLY SORRY. WE DIDN’T MEAN TO SPILL YOUR GROCERIES. WE CAME TO APOLOGIZE.

I dropped weakly onto the desktop. So exhausted, I could barely move.

I turned and raised my eyes to Vanessa.

Would she help us? Would she accept our apology? Would she change us back to normal?

Vanessa brought her face down close to me. “Your apology is a little too late,” she said coldly. “There’s nothing I can do.”

27

Cole uttered a pitiful “Cheep.”

I raised myself up with a sigh. Then I stumbled back wearily onto the typewriter keys.

PLEAS, I pecked out.

I was so tired, I didn’t have the strength to push down the E at the end.

Fire Big Tech with This New Search Engine
Fire Big Tech with This New Search Engine
Result Hunter
Mama Bear Grabs Man After He Saves Her Cubs
Mama Bear Grabs Man After He Saves Her Cubs
viralsharks.net
These Twins Were Named "Most Beautiful in the World," Wait Til You See Them Now
These Twins Were Named "Most Beautiful in the World," Wait Til You See Them Now
popcornews.com
20 Celebs Who Are Surprisingly Still Single
20 Celebs Who Are Surprisingly Still Single
popcornews.com
I gazed up hopefully at Vanessa. She stared down at the word I had typed. She tapped her chin with her black fingernails.

“Well…” she said finally. “I like the way you say ‘please’.” She lifted me up gently and set me down in her palm beside Cole.

“Politeness is so important,” Vanessa said, holding us up to her face. “Especially for young people. That’s what I care about more than anything else in the world. Good manners.”

Her dark eyes narrowed at us. “That day in front of the grocery,” she scolded, “you didn’t apologize for crashing into me. So I had no choice. I had to punish you.” She studied us, tsk-tsking.

So that’s why Anthony wasn’t turned into a chicken, too! I realized. Before he ran away, Anthony had called out to Vanessa that he was sorry.

If only Cole and I had apologized then! We wouldn’t be peeping little chicks today.

But how were we to know that Vanessa was such a manners freak?

She carried us over to a tall bookshelf and held us close to the books. “Do you see my collection?” she asked. “All etiquette books. Dozens and dozens of manners books. I have dedicated my life to manners.”

She gazed at us sternly. “If only kids today weren’t so rude. I wish I could help you two. I really do. But your apology came too late. Far too late.”

She set us both down on the desk. I guess her hand was getting tired. She rubbed it tenderly with her other hand.

Fire Big Tech with This New Search Engine
Fire Big Tech with This New Search Engine
Result Hunter
Mama Bear Grabs Man After He Saves Her Cubs
Mama Bear Grabs Man After He Saves Her Cubs
viralsharks.net
These Twins Were Named "Most Beautiful in the World," Wait Til You See Them Now
These Twins Were Named "Most Beautiful in the World," Wait Til You See Them Now
popcornews.com
This Royal Wedding Gown Eclipsed Meghan Markle's
This Royal Wedding Gown Eclipsed Meghan Markle's
stylemgzn.com
Now what? I wondered.

Was she going to send us home like this? Vanessa was right. Cole and I would never make it. Some dog or cat or raccoon would turn us into dinner before we went a block or two.

I cheeped in panic. My tiny feathers stood straight up. What could we do?

I had one last, desperate idea.

One more time, I climbed onto the typewriter keyboard. And I began to type…

THANK YOU FOR EXPLAINING TO US. AND THANK YOU FOR TRYING TO TEACH US TO BE POLITE. YOURS TRULY, COLE AND CRYSTAL

I said it was a desperate idea. About as desperate as a chicken can get. But I stared up at Vanessa, watching her read it. Hoping… hoping…

“I don’t believe it!” Vanessa exclaimed. She tore the sheet of paper from the typewriter and read it again. “A thank-you note!” she cried. “You wrote me a thank-you note!”

She gazed down at Cole and me with a broad smile. “No kids today ever write thank-you notes!” she cried. “This is the politest thing I ever saw!”

She danced around with it. “A thank-you note! An actual thank-you note!”

And then she turned. Pointed a finger at Cole, then at me. Mumbled some words. And pointed again.

Fire Big Tech with This New Search Engine
Fire Big Tech with This New Search Engine
Result Hunter
Mama Bear Grabs Man After He Saves Her Cubs
Mama Bear Grabs Man After He Saves Her Cubs
viralsharks.net
This Royal Wedding Gown Eclipsed Meghan Markle's
This Royal Wedding Gown Eclipsed Meghan Markle's
stylemgzn.com
These Twins Were Named Most Beautiful in the World: Wait Till You See Them Now
These Twins Were Named Most Beautiful in the World: Wait Till You See Them Now
popcornews.com
“Whooooa!” I cried, feeling my body grow. I felt like a balloon inflating. The little yellow feathers fell away. My hair grew back. My arms… my hands!

“YAAAAAY!” I cried. Cole joined my happy cheer.

We were back! Vanessa had changed us back—to us!

We pinched each other, just to make sure. Then we tossed back our heads and laughed. We were so happy!

Vanessa laughed, too. We all laughed gleefully together.

Then Vanessa turned and started toward the kitchen. “Let me get you both a drink,” she offered. “I know how thirsty these spells can make a person.”

“Thank you!” I cried, remembering how important politeness was to Vanessa.

“Yes—thank you!” Cole added loudly.

We grinned at each other. We pinched each other again. Skin! Real skin—with no feathers!

I moved my lips. I licked them with my tongue. Soft, human lips that didn’t click.

Vanessa returned with two glasses of soda. “I know kids like cola,” she said. She handed a glass to me and a glass to Cole. “Drink up,” she urged. “You’ve been through a lot.”

I did feel terribly thirsty. I took a few long sips of the cola. It felt cold and tingly on my tongue. Wonderful! Better than seeds off the carpet.

Wow. I was so happy to be me again.

I raised my eyes and saw Cole tilt his glass to his mouth and drink the soda down. He was really thirsty!

When he finished, he lowered his glass—and let out the loudest burp I ever heard!

Cole burst out laughing.

I couldn’t help myself.

It was such a funny burp, I started laughing, too.

I was still laughing when Vanessa stepped in front of me.

What is her problem? I wondered.

Then she pointed her finger, first at Cole, then at me. And whispered, “Pig pig.”

Scanning, formatting and

proofing by Undead.

From the county where drunk driving is considered a sport, comes this absolutely true story.

Recently a routine police patrol parked outside a bar
in Paris, Tennessee. After last call the officer noticed a man leaving the bar so intoxicated that he could barely walk.Hillbilly Drunks

The man stumbled around the parking lot for a few minutes, with the officer quietly
observing. After what seemed an eternity in which he tried his keys on five different vehicles, the man managed to find his truck and trailer and fall into it. He sat there for a few minutes as a number of other patrons left
the bar and drove off.

Finally, he got into the car and started the engine, switched the wipers on and off
- it was a fine, dry summer night, flicked the blinkers on and off a couple of times, honked the horn and then switched on
the lights. He moved the vehicle forward a few inches, reversed a little and then remained still for a few more minutes as some more of the other patrons'
vehicles left. At last, when his was the only car left
in the parking lot, he pulled out and drove slowly down the road.

The police officer, having waited patiently all this time, now started up his patrol car, put on the flashing lights, promptly pulled
the man over and administered a breathalyzer test. To his amazement, the breathalyzer indicated no evidence that the man had consumed any alcohol at all! Dumbfounded, the officer said, 'I'll have to ask you to
accompany me to the police station. This breathalyzer equipment must be broken.'

'I seriously doubt it', said the truly proud Hillbilly. 'Tonight I'm the designated decoy.'
Hillbilly Deputy Sheriff

One day a hillbilly walks into a police station because he wants to get a job as a deputy, which he's wanted to be his whole life. So he goes over to the sheriff's desk
and says to the sheriff, 'I'm here to be a deputy.'

The sheriff laughs and says, 'Well let's see if you're qualified, son. The sheriff asks him a question and the hillbilly gives him an answer. The
sheriff says, 'Close enough.'Hillbilly Sheriff

The sheriff then asks him, 'What are two days of the week that begin with 'T'?'
'Today and tomorrow,' says the hillbilly.

'Not what I was looking for but I'll give it to
ya,' says the sheriff.

'Who shot Abraham Lincoln?' the sheriff asks.
The hillbilly just stands there with a blank look on his face.

'Why don't you go home, think about it and come back tomorrow,' the
sheriff says to the hillbilly.
So the hillbilly goes home and his wife says to him, 'So sweetpea, did you get the job?'

'I think so, they've already put me on a murder case.'
Hillbillies Escape Justice?

Why are even the best forensic teams unable to catch Hillbillies committing serious crime?

Could it be their back-woods cunning?No.

Is it because they are all law-abiding?I seriously doubt that.

The reason they are never caught is that Hillbillies all share the same DNA, and they have no dental
records!
Classic
Tennessee Hillbilly Drunk
Joke

George, the bartender, asks the Hillbilly, who is sitting at the bar, 'What'll you have?'

Hillbilly answers, 'Ah, I'll have a scotch, please.'

George hands him the drink, and says, 'That'll be
$4.60,' to which the Hillbilly splutters, 'What are you talking about? I don't owe you anything for this.'

Roger, a lawyer, sitting nearby and overhearing the conversation, then says to George, the
bartender, 'You
know, he's got you there. In the original offer, which constitutes a binding contract upon acceptance, there was no stipulation of remuneration.'You must have a double

George was singularly unimpressed, so he says to the
Hillbilly,
'OK, you beat me for a drink. But don't ever let me ever catch you in here again.'

The next day, the Hillbilly again, walks into the bar. George glowers and rasps, 'What the heck are you doing in here? I can't
believe you've got the audacity to come back!'The Hillbilly smiles and says, 'What are you talking about? I've never been in this place in my life!'

George looks at the Hillbilly closely and mutters, 'I'm
sorry, but this is uncanny. You must have a double.'The Hillbilly, without missing a beat says, 'Thank you, bartender. Make it a scotch.'
Hillbilly Letter From HomeHillbilly Jokes

Dearest Redneck Son,

I'm writing this slow because I know you can't read fast.

We don't live where we did when you left home.Your dad read in the newspaper
that most accidents happen within 20 miles of your home, so we moved.I won't be
able to send you the address because the last West Virginia family that lived
here took the house numbers when they moved so they wouldn't have to change
their address.

This place is really nice.It even has a washing machine. I'm not sure about
it.I put a load of clothes in and pulled the chain.We haven't seen them since.

The weather isn't bad here. It only rained twice last week; the first time
for three days and the second time for four days.

About that coat you wanted me to send; your Uncle Billy Bob said it would be
too heavy to send in the mail with the buttons on, so we cut them off and put
them in the pockets.

Bubba locked his keys in the car yesterday.We were really worried because it
took him two hours to get me and your father out.

Your sister had a baby this morning, but I haven't found out what it is yet
so I don't know if you are an aunt or uncle.

Uncle Bobby Ray fell into a whiskey vat last week.Some men tried to pull him
out but he fought them off and drowned.We had him cremated, he burned for three
days.

Three of your friends went off a bridge in a pickup truck.Butch was driving.
He rolled down the window and swam to safety.Your other two friends were in the
back.They drowned because they couldn't get the tailgate down!

There isn't much more news at this time. Nothing much out of the normal has
happened.

Your Favorite Aunt,

Mom
Hillbilly Knows Best

A hillbilly farmer from back in the hills walked twelve miles, one way,
to the general store. Farmer Jokes

'Heya, Wilbur,' said Ron, the store owner. 'Tell me, are you and Myrtle
still making fires up there by rubbing stones and flint together?'

'You betcha, Ron. Ain't no 'tother way. Why?'

'Got something to show you. Something to make fire. It's called a
"match".
'Match? Never heard of it.'

'Watch this. If you want a fire you just do this,' Ron says, taking a
match and striking it on his trousers.

'Huh. Well, that's something, but that ain't for me, Ron.'
'Well, why
not?'

'I can't be walking twelve miles every time I want a fire and borrow your
trousers.'
